README.md, before:

# Files

Folder structure
- `data/`: raw data (measured values)
- `data_aux/`: parameters, constants, configuration files
- `data_proc/`: intermediate files generated during data processing
- `data_ref/`: reference data
- `results/`: analysis results

# Experiments

Folder names correspond to date of data generation (i.e., sequencing).

<!--- Markdown table formatting notes: left align text; use underscores to indicate minimum column width (especially for GitHub display) -->
| Folder name<br/>__________ | Notebook<br/>__________ | Experiment name (Benchling)<br/>_________________________ | Description <br/>_____________________________________________________ | Sequencing<br/>________________ |
| :----------- | :-------- | :--------------------------- | :----------- | :--------------- |
| 20230717    | `20230717 HEK scBarcode.ipynb` | [2023-06-28 Split-Pool HEK Nuclei](https://benchling.com/s/etr-4FqDoTQiWpBfQlyOBYhz) | Sequencing of barcodes from serial and limiting dilutions of SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 77x77 |
| 20230831 (or 20230831_barcodes) | `20230830 In vitro barcoding Nanopore.ipynb` | [2023-08-09 DPM ligation to split-pooled oligo](https://benchling.com/s/etr-XcdY7Za2GoVwcRjFEqBF) | Nanopore sequencing of gel-cut ~197 bp and ~250 bp bands of amplified, unblocked barcoded oligo (Oligo + Odd + ER + dA + DPM + Odd + Y) | Nanopore Flongle |
| 20230831_scBarcode | `20230831_scBarcode.ipynb` | [2023-08-10 HEK H3K4me3 scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-V1QGaZkTpBrchx0XtlvM) | Sequencing of barcodes from serial dilutions of FACS-sorted singlets and clumps of SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 101x201 |
| 20230831_HEK_H3K4me3_scChIPseq | `20230831_HEK_H3K4me3_scChIPseq.ipynb` | [2023-08-10 HEK H3K4me3 scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-V1QGaZkTpBrchx0XtlvM) | Sequencing of genomic DNA and barcodes from H3K4me3 ChIP of 1500 flow-sorted singlet SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 101x201 |
| 20231002 | `20231002.ipynb` | [2023-09-25 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting](https://benchling.com/s/etr-fV6EV9txrU2wIEb8MfxX) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei, using old SPRITE Zero plates | NextSeq 151x151 |
| 20231017 | `20231017.ipynb` | [2023-10-09 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v2](https://benchling.com/s/etr-5fnlp2r3TvdgBXmWeyxQ) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei, barcoded using fresh SPRITE Zero tag plates | NextSeq 51x51 |
| 20231107 | `20231107.ipynb` | [2023-11-02 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v3](https://benchling.com/s/etr-55XImqxPMe9Y2BOH1EEd) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted HEK nuclei, using high concentration of barcodes with wash steps in between rounds | AVITI 100x200 |
| 20231208 | `20231208.ipynb` | [2023-11-29 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v4 (terminal tag vs. EDTA quench)](https://benchling.com/s/etr-3bKIM8CScL814XrVEUBG) | Sequencing of barcodes from SPRITE Zero-barcoded HEK nuclei, comparing EDTA quench vs. terminal tag ligation between each round of tag ligation | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20231230 | `20231230.ipynb` | [2023-12-22 Tag Plate Contamination Test](https://benchling.com/s/etr-Umk5xAsODA8uMRHekEBi) | Test contamination of my SPRITE Zero and NYLigOdd tag plates | AVITI 150x150 |
| 20240112 | `20240112.ipynb` | [2024-01-05 Tag Plate Contamination Test, v2](https://benchling.com/s/etr-78hBQk3CEBX5dD6ojPmr) | Test contamination of Andrew Perez's SPRITE Zero and NYLigOdd tag plates | NextSeq 51x51 |
| 20240124 | `20240124.ipynb` | [2024-01-18 Tag Plate Contamination, v3](https://benchling.com/s/etr-0kEaLIIMFTjHJbNXzjpb) | Test contamination of stock, unannealed SPRTIE Zero R1-R4 tag plates. (Anneal new SPRITE Zero R1-R4 and NYLigOdd tag plates, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240207 | `20240207.ipynb` | [2024-01-30 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v5 (multiple oligos + odd + terminal tag)](https://benchling.com/s/etr-KA7KlHyeoGQFcVjI8uOh) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted barcoded HEK nuclei, using ChIP-DIP oligos, odd tags, and NYLigOdd tags. Barcodes were ligated using either SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling) protocol or with EDTA wash steps between rounds. | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240507_tagPlateContamination | `20240507_tagPlateContamination.ipynb` | [2024-04-25 Tag Plate Contamination, v4](https://benchling.com/s/etr-8ry7GOBbZVL8V697v2hC) | Test contamination of new (dated 2024-02-07 (bottom) and 2024-02-08 (top)) stock, unannealed SPRTIE Zero R1-R4 tag plates. (Anneal new SPRITE Zero R1-R4 tag plates, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240507_scBarcode-v6 | `20250207_scBarcode-v6.ipynb` | [2024-04-30 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v6](https://benchling.com/s/etr-P5LUVhFNbxu6iLM2CQEK) | Sequencing of barcodes from 1, 10, 100, or 1000-cell aliquots of flow-sorted barcoded HEK nuclei. Barcode structure = PC50_12merUMI_odd_sticky + R1-R3 + NYLigOddStg. Cells were pooled without quenching after ligation of R1 and R3 tags, wheras EDTA quenching was performed prior to pooling cells after ligation of R2 and NYLigOdd tags. | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240620 | `20240620.ipynb` | [2024-06-05 Tag Plate Contamination, v5](https://benchling.com/s/etr-TNItjIfghI4tB82pYBOA) | Test contamination of unannealed SPRTIE Zero R5-R8 tag plate "AP 10/3/23 IDT Plate 100 uM, SZ Barcodes R5-R8 (12 wells) Aliquot Plate 2" (an aliquot of the stock IDT plate "SZ_barcodes_R5-R8" dated 2023-09-29). (Anneal tags, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240625 | `20240625.ipynb` | [2024-06-17 Human-mouse mixing CTCF scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-mdETHAGUW70CmcZFY9dj) | Human-mouse mixing CTCF scChIP-seq experiment where (1) human and mouse cells are labeled with species-specific cell oligos, and (2) chromatin are underloaded on CTCF-coupled protein G beads. Determine whether chromatin fragments can be uniquely and correctly (i.e., with low species mixing) assigned to corresponding cells. | AVITI 80x220 |

Commit message:

New sequencing run: 20240709
Sequencing run is a re-sequencing of libraries from 2024-06-20 and
2024-06-25. This commit only processes reads from the 2024-07-09
sequencing run from the 2024-06-20 library. Because of the different
read lengths, the reads were analyzed in a new notebook, 20240709.ipynb.
The notebook for the previous reads, 20240620.ipynb, was rerun with an
updated set of packages (no actual results should have changed).

README.md, after:

# Files

Folder structure
- `data/`: raw data (measured values)
- `data_aux/`: parameters, constants, configuration files
- `data_proc/`: intermediate files generated during data processing
- `data_ref/`: reference data
- `results/`: analysis results

# Experiments

Folder names correspond to date of data generation (i.e., sequencing).

<!--- Markdown table formatting notes: left align text; use underscores to indicate minimum column width (especially for GitHub display) -->
| Folder name<br/>__________ | Notebook<br/>__________ | Experiment name (Benchling)<br/>_________________________ | Description <br/>_____________________________________________________ | Sequencing<br/>________________ |
| :----------- | :-------- | :--------------------------- | :----------- | :--------------- |
| 20230717    | `20230717 HEK scBarcode.ipynb` | [2023-06-28 Split-Pool HEK Nuclei](https://benchling.com/s/etr-4FqDoTQiWpBfQlyOBYhz) | Sequencing of barcodes from serial and limiting dilutions of SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 77x77 |
| 20230831 (or 20230831_barcodes) | `20230830 In vitro barcoding Nanopore.ipynb` | [2023-08-09 DPM ligation to split-pooled oligo](https://benchling.com/s/etr-XcdY7Za2GoVwcRjFEqBF) | Nanopore sequencing of gel-cut ~197 bp and ~250 bp bands of amplified, unblocked barcoded oligo (Oligo + Odd + ER + dA + DPM + Odd + Y) | Nanopore Flongle |
| 20230831_scBarcode | `20230831_scBarcode.ipynb` | [2023-08-10 HEK H3K4me3 scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-V1QGaZkTpBrchx0XtlvM) | Sequencing of barcodes from serial dilutions of FACS-sorted singlets and clumps of SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 101x201 |
| 20230831_HEK_H3K4me3_scChIPseq | `20230831_HEK_H3K4me3_scChIPseq.ipynb` | [2023-08-10 HEK H3K4me3 scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-V1QGaZkTpBrchx0XtlvM) | Sequencing of genomic DNA and barcodes from H3K4me3 ChIP of 1500 flow-sorted singlet SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei | NextSeq 101x201 |
| 20231002 | `20231002.ipynb` | [2023-09-25 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting](https://benchling.com/s/etr-fV6EV9txrU2wIEb8MfxX) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei, using old SPRITE Zero plates | NextSeq 151x151 |
| 20231017 | `20231017.ipynb` | [2023-10-09 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v2](https://benchling.com/s/etr-5fnlp2r3TvdgBXmWeyxQ) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling)-barcoded HEK nuclei, barcoded using fresh SPRITE Zero tag plates | NextSeq 51x51 |
| 20231107 | `20231107.ipynb` | [2023-11-02 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v3](https://benchling.com/s/etr-55XImqxPMe9Y2BOH1EEd) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted HEK nuclei, using high concentration of barcodes with wash steps in between rounds | AVITI 100x200 |
| 20231208 | `20231208.ipynb` | [2023-11-29 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v4 (terminal tag vs. EDTA quench)](https://benchling.com/s/etr-3bKIM8CScL814XrVEUBG) | Sequencing of barcodes from SPRITE Zero-barcoded HEK nuclei, comparing EDTA quench vs. terminal tag ligation between each round of tag ligation | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20231230 | `20231230.ipynb` | [2023-12-22 Tag Plate Contamination Test](https://benchling.com/s/etr-Umk5xAsODA8uMRHekEBi) | Test contamination of my SPRITE Zero and NYLigOdd tag plates | AVITI 150x150 |
| 20240112 | `20240112.ipynb` | [2024-01-05 Tag Plate Contamination Test, v2](https://benchling.com/s/etr-78hBQk3CEBX5dD6ojPmr) | Test contamination of Andrew Perez's SPRITE Zero and NYLigOdd tag plates | NextSeq 51x51 |
| 20240124 | `20240124.ipynb` | [2024-01-18 Tag Plate Contamination, v3](https://benchling.com/s/etr-0kEaLIIMFTjHJbNXzjpb) | Test contamination of stock, unannealed SPRTIE Zero R1-R4 tag plates. (Anneal new SPRITE Zero R1-R4 and NYLigOdd tag plates, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240207 | `20240207.ipynb` | [2024-01-30 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v5 (multiple oligos + odd + terminal tag)](https://benchling.com/s/etr-KA7KlHyeoGQFcVjI8uOh) | Sequencing of barcodes from individual flow-sorted barcoded HEK nuclei, using ChIP-DIP oligos, odd tags, and NYLigOdd tags. Barcodes were ligated using either SPRITE Zero (concentration-doubling) protocol or with EDTA wash steps between rounds. | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240507_tagPlateContamination | `20240507_tagPlateContamination.ipynb` | [2024-04-25 Tag Plate Contamination, v4](https://benchling.com/s/etr-8ry7GOBbZVL8V697v2hC) | Test contamination of new (dated 2024-02-07 (bottom) and 2024-02-08 (top)) stock, unannealed SPRTIE Zero R1-R4 tag plates. (Anneal new SPRITE Zero R1-R4 tag plates, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240507_scBarcode-v6 | `20250207_scBarcode-v6.ipynb` | [2024-04-30 Single Cell Barcode Troubleshooting, v6](https://benchling.com/s/etr-P5LUVhFNbxu6iLM2CQEK) | Sequencing of barcodes from 1, 10, 100, or 1000-cell aliquots of flow-sorted barcoded HEK nuclei. Barcode structure = PC50_12merUMI_odd_sticky + R1-R3 + NYLigOddStg. Cells were pooled without quenching after ligation of R1 and R3 tags, wheras EDTA quenching was performed prior to pooling cells after ligation of R2 and NYLigOdd tags. | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240620 | `20240620.ipynb` | [2024-06-05 Tag Plate Contamination, v5](https://benchling.com/s/etr-TNItjIfghI4tB82pYBOA) | Test contamination of unannealed SPRTIE Zero R5-R8 tag plate "AP 10/3/23 IDT Plate 100 uM, SZ Barcodes R5-R8 (12 wells) Aliquot Plate 2" (an aliquot of the stock IDT plate "SZ_barcodes_R5-R8" dated 2023-09-29). (Anneal tags, then check for contamination.) | AVITI 120x180 |
| 20240625 | `20240625.ipynb` | [2024-06-17 Human-mouse mixing CTCF scChIP-seq](https://benchling.com/s/etr-mdETHAGUW70CmcZFY9dj) | Human-mouse mixing CTCF scChIP-seq experiment where (1) human and mouse cells are labeled with species-specific cell oligos, and (2) chromatin are underloaded on CTCF-coupled protein G beads. Determine whether chromatin fragments can be uniquely and correctly (i.e., with low species mixing) assigned to corresponding cells. The same library was sequenced in 2 sequencing runs (same sequencing instrument and same read lengths) on 2024-06-25 and 2024-07-09. | AVITI 80x220 |
| 20240709 | `20240709.ipynb` | [2024-06-05 Tag Plate Contamination, v5](https://benchling.com/s/etr-TNItjIfghI4tB82pYBOA) | Same library as 20240620, resequenced (albeit at different read lengths) for the purpose of titrating AVITI loading concentration. | AVITI 80x220 |
